Bump minimum required protobuf version from 4.25.1 to 6.31.1 (#8153)
onnx/onnx: INSTALL.md

### Linux

> First, you need to install Protobuf. The minimum Protobuf compiler (protoc) version required by ONNX is 6.31.1. Please note that old protoc versions might not work with `CMAKE_ARGS=-DONNX_USE_LITE_PROTO=ON`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you need to install Protobuf. The minimum Protobuf compiler (protoc) version required by ONNX is 6.31.1.
```

> Ubuntu 20.04 (and newer) users may choose to install Protobuf (which is usually lower than 4.25.1) via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ubuntu 20.04 (and newer) users may choose to install Protobuf (which is usually lower than required) via
```
